---
title: "Title here"
meta_title: "2019-09-10"
meta_description: ""
keywords:
   - releases
   - help
sidebar: "releases"
---
 
Hi all, in this release:

*   You can now edit your influencer's account details (name, email, password and payment preference) and rename their codes. These actions can be done via the influencer table or the influencer's profile page.
*   Influencers can nominate their payment method preference (i.e. PayPal or store credit). This allows you to filter commission payments in a way that ensures influencers are only paid by their preferred method. Note: you can ignore their preference.
*   You can now cancel commission payments (manual transfer only for now)
*   Added youtube linking
*   All linked social media profile avatars are now hosted on our CDN. No more broken avatars!
*   The discount code within each order is visible on the orders table and orders export
*   Our new rules based promotion policy system is in beta and available to a few select early access stores. It will be available shortly for everyone. This new rules design is a huge leap forward for our platform and will offer complete control and automation over the behaviour of your account. 
*   We have simplified the influencer profile UX. Their account management and promotion policy pages have been merged into their home page. This is part of our goal of creating a single-page UX for influencers. 
*   We've upgraded our database infrastructure and run-time technology. The result is better performance and new capabililites that will be required by future enhancements. 
*   Improved logging infrastructure 
*   We have improved support for handling Shopify service outages
*   Upgraded SSL certificates across our architecture 

 
Thanks all for the feedback. If you need anything let us know :)
 
 




