---
title: "New features and upgrades"
meta_title: "2019-12-10"
meta_description: ""
keywords:
   - releases
   - help
sidebar: "releases"
---
 
Hi all, in this release:

*   You can now use your admin dashboard to edit your influencer's account details (name, email, password and payment preference) and rename their codes. These actions can be done via the influencer table or the influencer's profile page.
*   Influencers can nominate their payment method preference (i.e. PayPal or store credit). This allows you to filter commission payments in a way that ensures influencers are only paid by their preferred method. Note: you can ignore their preference.
*   You can now cancel commission payments (manual transfer only for now)
*   We have added improved table sorting to the influencer and orders tables. This makes influencer management and performance analysis much simpler.
*   Added youtube linking
*   All linked social media profile avatars are now hosted on our CDN. No more broken avatars!
*   The discount code within each order is visible on the orders table and orders export
*   The orders table (commission section) includes a info tooltip, that will allow you to see why/how our track awarded commission.
*   Your invoice will now display any PayPal fees
*   We now proactively monitor specific coupon code sites for influencer code dumping activity. This is a practice that is against our T&Cs, however this measure is designed to detect and revoke access to bad influencers automatically. This is an opt-in solution and can be enabled via your store settings. 
*   Our new rules based promotion policy system is in beta and available to a few select early access stores. It will be available shortly for everyone. This new rules design is a huge leap forward for our platform and will offer complete control and automation over the behaviour of your account. 
*   Our new in-app messaging feature is being rolled out to all users. It is a beta feature that must be enabled via `my account > store settings`.
*   We have simplified the influencer profile UX. Their account management and promotion policy pages have been merged into their home page. This is part of our goal of creating a single-page UX for influencers. 
*   You can now allow influencers to see the name of the customer for their referral orders.
*   We've upgraded our database infrastructure and run-time technology. The result is better performance and new capabilities that will be required by future enhancements. 
*   Improved logging infrastructure 
*   We have improved support for handling Shopify service outages
*   Upgraded SSL certificates across our architecture 
*   Minor fixes that preventing onboarding tasks and charts from rendering correctly.

 
Thanks all for the feedback. If you need anything let us know :)
 
 




