---
title: "Custom email reply to address, many performance improvements"
meta_title: "2019-08-10"
meta_description: ""
keywords:
    - releases
    - help
sidebar: "releases"
---

Hi all, in this release:

*   We've added new stats! We now track influencer referrals and payable commission. 
*   You can now set the `reply-to` email address for all emails that we send on your behalf. This will allow you to receive influencer email replies directly to a support email address of your choice.
*   Updating your promotion policy is now more efficiently, as code/link synchronisation is performed as a batch task. You can track the tasks' progress via the in-app notifications windows.
*   We now batch process lead events in a highly efficient fashion. 
*   We have improved the performance and scalability of our in-store widget configuration loading and improved the read performance of our real-time event system.
*   We now proactively validate each influencer's PayPal account on signup and notify them of any account setup issues via their dashboard.
*   We've fixed an issue with Mailchimp rate limiting changes breaking synchronisation for large merchants
*   We've upgrade our server technology
*   We've fixed some issues with tooltip colours clashing
*   We've fixed some scenarious where UTM tags were not being tracked through complex link flows
*   We've improved our support for older mobile devices
*   We've made many improvements to our in-app chat solution
*   Exports now respect your table filters, allowing for fine-grained data exports
*   We've added the ability to pay comission by influencer group


Thanks all for the feedback. If you need anything let us know :)

