---
title: "April upgrades"
meta_title: "2021-04-21"
meta_description: ""
keywords:
  - releases
  - help
sidebar: "releases"
---
 
Hi all, in this release:
 
- Upgraded to nodejs 14 for improved scalability and performance
- You can now manually create new influencer accounts from your dashboards `orders` table, using the `create` action.
- Expanding our coupon site coverage. You also have more control over how we respond to influencer codes that are found on coupon sites. We don't publicly disclose the sites that we check, so reach out to us. 
- Upgraded all of our backend and front end software libraries to use the latest performance and security enhancements 
- Simplified influencer account removal UX by provided better feedback
- If our commission tracker blocks personal orders (customisable), the orders will appear in your admin dashboard's orders tables. You can overrule the tracker and give commission via the `orders table > allow commission` action should you wish.
- Upgraded our app to support the latest Shopify API 
- Fixed an issue with influencer last lead/order timestamps falling out of sync 
- Fixed an issue with Instagram influencer profile lookup requets failing for some IP addresses
- We now automatically cleanup unused influencer groups
- You can now enable/disable whether the commission tracker using code / link (IP) commission tracking seperately
- We have removed an issue where the follower count in the influencer table would not be updated on influencer signup.
- We have fixed an issue where email synchornisation (Klaviyo, Mailchimp, ActiveCampaign) would not process some stores.
- Upgraded our currency service to better track real time currency updates / pairs.
- We have added monthly progress reports for influencer and merchant accounts. This is a limited beta at the moment for `standard` plan customers. If this interests you, reach out to us.
- Fixed an issue with Tiktok rejected some IP addresses
- Fixed an issue where VAT was not being excluded from influencer commission
- Removed all dependency on auth0's service 
- Improved our encryption algorithm strength 
- We now included K9 tax form instructions to US based influencers. 
- Lots and lots of small UX, performance and security improvements