---
title: "2023-05-16 release"
meta_title: "2023-05-16"
meta_description: ""
keywords:
    - releases
    - help
sidebar: "releases"
---

In this release, we have:

* The entire UI has been rewritten to use modern technology and tooling. This was a huge body of work and has been a major investment. If there are UI regressions please let us know.
* The "promotion policy" page and "my account > store settings" pages are now merged within a single "customise" page. This means that all settings to customise your marketing program are accessible within a single page.
* Social media post tracking. We are working on tracking your influencer's social media posts, so that any @mention or #hashtag of your store is visible within your dashboard. This allows for marketing visibility, alignment and performance analysis.
* Added support for Omnisend
* Tables were rewritten. We have added infinite scrolling (paging) and have made table filters more transparent with a new UI.
* Charts now show trendlines to estimate the current month's statistics
* We have rewritten and enhanced our in-app user tutorials to be more detailed and useful.
* Add a demo site https://demo.vwa.la
* Upgraded our google maps integration.
* On desktop devices, table checkboxes are now pinned. So that as you scroll horizontally, you don't lose context.
* We have enhanced our TikTok integration, to use the TikTok oauth api. This allows us to track tiktok posts that mention/hashtag your store

Thank you to everyone who has contributed feedback via our in-app chat. As always, product feedback and ideas are very welcome. Happy marketing!
